[ADD] hr: create new hr documentation about the employee directory (#656)
odoo/documentation-user: employees/overview/employee_form.rst

=============
Employee Form
=============

The **Employee Form** allows you to collect all the data and information about your employees they are the core of every
Human Resources application.

> Create an employee Form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an employee form
```

=======================

You can **Create** an employee from the employee dashboard or directly from a department.

.. image:: media/create-employee.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to create an employee

If you have an existing list of employees, you can *Import* them in a CSV or Excel file, to batch import your employees,
use the *Import* button.

.. note::
   Need help? Check `Contacts & Importing data <https://www.odoo.com/slides/slide/contacts-and-importing-data-609?fullscreen=1>`_.

Gathering employee's information

> ================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---------------------------------------
```

The employee form allows you to add tags, a picture and edit information about your employee.
Departments and managers can always be created or edited on the fly.

.. image:: media/employee-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Empty employee form

Print

> =====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----------
```

> From the employee form, *Print Badge* to help you manage attendances, *Time Off Summaries* to have a summary of each
> employee time off schedule and *Individual Accounts* each employee's payroll.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the employee form, *Print Badge* to help you manage attendances, *Time Off Summaries* to have a summary of each
employee schedules time off, and select *Individual Accounts* to select the year at which you would like to see the employee's payroll.
```

.. note::

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    *Individual Accounts* are only available in belgian companies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *Individual Accounts* are only available for Belgian companies.
```

.. image:: media/print-actions.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Print actions available on the employee form

Actions

> =======

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---------------
```

The actions menus allows you to *Archive*, *Delete*, *Duplicate*, *Generate tax forms* and *Attestations* for you
employee.

.. image:: media/actions.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Actions available on the employee form

.. note::

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   281.10 and 281.45 are tax forms for belgian localisations.

> Employee Skill management
> =========================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Employee skill management
-------------------------------
```

> Under the *Resumé* tab in the employee form, you can keep track of the experiences and skills of your employees. Create
> and edit skills and experience by clicking on *Edit* →  **Add**. Having that information in the employee's form can help
> you find which employees has the specific skill needed for a particular task.
> You can also simply delete lines by clicking on the bin icon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the *Resumé* tab in the employee form, you can keep track of the experiences and skills of your employees. Create
and edit skills and experience by clicking on *Edit*, then on **Add**. Having that information in the employee's form can help
you find which employee has the specific skill needed for a particular task.
You can also simply delete lines by clicking on the bin icon
```

.. image:: media/create-skills.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Create skills for your employees

Reviewer: swap screenshots?
the one below, here, and this one below?!

Add Skills
----------

> You can always create new skills that fit your employee's. When creating a **Skill** you can choose the *Skill Type* to
> categorize the kind of skill, create specific **Skill levels**, who will determine your employee progress.
> Directly create and edit different *Skill Types*, *Skills* and *Skill Levels* from this form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can always add the new skills your employees might acquire during their time with your company. When creating a **Skill**, you can choose the *Skill Type* to
categorize it, and create specific **Skill levels** to determine your employee progress.
```

.. image:: media/add-experience.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Filling skill forms for your employees

Add Experience
--------------

> The experience and education your employee's have matter and they should be added in the employee form. When adding an
> experience, you can create different categories to better show the background of your employees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The experience and education of your employees matter and they should be added in their forms. When adding an
experience, you can create different categories to better show the background of your employees.
```

.. image:: media/add-XP.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Adding experience for your employees

> **Experiences** and **Certifications** are linked to a start date, this allows you to see when exactly a certification
> or a course was completed by your employee's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Experiences** and **Certifications** are linked to a start date, allowing you to see exactly when a certification, or course, was completed by your employee.
```

??
Start date to keep track of when the employee finished the course?

.. image:: media/certification.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Certification

.. note::
   Certifications are displayed with a trophy icon next to them.

Work information

> ----------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===========
```

> Under the *Work Information* tab, you can assign responsibles for the different other app integrations such as
> **Time Off**, **Expense** and **Timesheet**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the *Work Information* tab, you can assign the person responsible for approving the **Time Off**, **Expense**, and **Timesheet** of each employee.
```

.. image:: media/personnal-info.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Different responsibles for each HR need

Organization chart
------------------

> Setting someone as manager in the employee form will generate an organigram, showing the place of the employee in his
> team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting a *Manager*, in the employee form, generates an organigram that shows the hierarchy level of the employee in relation to his
team.
```

.. image:: media/organization-chart.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Organigram

> Other tabs include
> ==================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other tabs
==================
```

> **Private Information** is the place gathering the private information about employees such as their private address,
> family information, marital status, emergency contacts...
> 
> **HR Settings** with company related information such as their job position, company vehicle, badge ID...
> 
> **Personal Documents**, allowing you to upload documents in image file formats for administrative purposes : ID card
> copy, driving licence, SIM card copy....

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Private Information**: to gather private information such as an address, family information, marital status, emergency contacts, etc.

**HR Settings**:  company-related information such as their job position, company vehicle, badge ID, etc.

**Personal Documents**: allows you to upload files (such as pdf and jpg formats) for administrative purposes (ID card
copy, driver license, SIM card copy, etc.).
```
